HOME
 PKL 2019 INDIA WORLD CITIES OPINION EXPLAINED SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE TECHNOLOGY VIRAL VIDEOS PHOTOS AUDIO
TOGGLE MENU
Sunday, August 11, 2019
English  Today’s Paper ePaper


TODAYS PAPER
+ Print Archive

Chandigarh: Found helpline number online? Cyber cons may be waiting
Complaints of suffering monetary loss and being cheated after dialling the numbers of courier companies, private gas agencies, hotels etc available on internet are increasing with cyber cell of Chandigarh  madam
refer police these days.
4 hours ago

Pune rains: Over 2 lakh hectares under water, massive crop loss feared
Districts of Pune, Satara, Sangli and Kolhapur in western Maharashtra, along with Nashik, Dhule and Jalgaon, have faced the wrath of nature in the last few days, as major rivers in the area breached their banks.
6 hours ago

TV, fridge, bed, books damaged: Flood-hit Pune residents return home, find almost nothing left
When Pavana river water had started gushing into their homes, over 140 members of the 36 families had locked up their houses and taken refuge in a relief camp at a civic school in Phugewadi, set up by the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation.
6 hours ago

Pune rains: Floodwater recedes, leaves trail of devastation
Toll reaches 30 in Pune Division, over three lakh in relief camps.
6 hours ago

Man’s medical claim rejected after wrong report, insurance firm, hospital told to pay compensation
Dalip Kumar of Himachal Pradesh purchased a medical insurance plan under the name “ProHealth Accumulate” of Cigna TTK Health Insurance Company which was valid from June 2, 2017 to June 1, 2018.
8 hours ago

Pune-Mumbai railway route to remain shut till Aug 16; railways to buy 10 boats to expedite rescue ops
Central Railway is planning to buy 10 boats this week to expedite rescue rotor operations in situations when trains are stuck at a spot due to floodwater, instead of waiting for disaster response agencies to arrive with boats.
6 hours ago

Heard at a relief camp in Maharashtra’s Sangli: ‘What if it again rains like this’
While 3.7 lakh people have been rescued in these districts, local residents now hope that it doesn’t rain heavily in the next 72 hours to allow water levels to recede completely.
5 hours ago

Out to attend friend’s birthday party, 17-year-old stabbed outside cafe; Dhanas man arrested with 40 gm heroine
17-year-old stabbed: According to police, the two attackers, identified as Noni and Dibba, are also residents of New Indira colony.
8 hours ago

At 68,751, pending cases at Chandigarh District Court at all-time high, most related to Hindu Marriage Act, domestic violence
The 68,751 pending cases are under proceedings at the sessions courts and the trial (JMIC and civil) courts.
8 hours ago

Delhi: Man stole QRT vehicle for a joyride, say police
“The accused told police that he had a similar key to the car and stole it from a service lane near Janakpuri Metro station for a joyride,” police said.
8 hours ago

A Free Kick in a Dangerous Position
The end of marriage and a football match.
9 hours ago

What does freedom mean to young Indians?
A new generation, aged between 12 and 18, from across the country, tell us what the ideas of freedom and patriotism mean to them.
11 hours ago
Load More

Advertising
BEST OF EXPRESS

Comparing RSS to Nazis, Imran Khan alleges India attempting to change Kashmir's demography

LIVE
Floods wreak havoc, 60 dead in Kerala; Amit Shah conducts aerial survey of Belagavi

J-K: CRPF issues new helpline number, administration pitches in for a smooth Eid

J&K is no longer the same J&K. It has been dismembered

Manner of 370 abrogation was wrong, but if it brings back Kashmir's magic, it will be worthwhile

Advertising
HomeTodays Paper

Advertising
Download the Indian Express apps for iPhone, iPad or Android

 
NEWS
Horoscope
Vellore Election Result 2019
Kerala Rains
Weather Today
Parliament Live
Kashmir News Live
Vellore Lok Sabha Election
FEATURED
Express Data
Express Research
#MeToo
Business As Usual
Statutory provisions on reporting sexual offenses
TRENDING
Cricket News
PKL 2019
WWE 2019
Pro Kabaddi 2019 Schedule
Govt Jobs
Tech News
Mock Test
THE GROUP
Ramnath Goenka Awards
Indian Express Group
26-11
Financial Express
Loksatta
Jansatta
INDIAN EXPRESS LANGUAGES
NEWSLETTER
Email Address
FOLLOW US
2019 The Indian Express Ltd. All Rights Reserved

Privacy Policy Advertise with us Subscribe Contact Us
